He who carves the Buddha never worships him.
God's laws last longer than those who break them.
Children have more need of models than of critics.
One measure of our likeness to Christ is our sensitivity to the suffering of others.
God and prayer go together; to neglect the one is to neglect the other.
We lose the approval of God when we seek the applause of men.
He who nothing questions, nothings learns.
Experience enables you to recognize a mistake every time you repeat it.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
Profanity is the effort of a feeble mind to express itself forcefully.
America is one of the few places you can say what you speak without thinking.
Unless you have never been tempted, don't pass judgment on someone who has yielded.
Don't mistake activity for achievement.
It's a great pity the right of free speech isn't based on the obligation to say something sensible.
You can't make anything idiot proof because idiots are so ingenious.
Many would be scantily clad if clothed in their humility.
It's great to be great, but it's greater to be human.
Some folks get lost in thought because it is unfamiliar territory
If quitters never win, and winners never quit, then who is the fool who said, ‘quit while you're ahead’?
If silence is golden, not many people can be arrested for hoarding.
Quit griping about your church; if it was perfect, you couldn't belong.
You can never make your dreams come true by oversleeping.
Never have a battle of wits with an unarmed man.
Pride is the only poison that is good for you when swallowed.
An egotist is a person who thinks that if they had not been born people would have asked why not.
The only fool bigger than the person who knows it all is the person who argues with him.
Never argue with a fool - people may not notice the difference.
Life's tough, it's even tougher if you're stupid.
Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
We must use time creatively, in the knowledge that the time is always ripe to do right.
Authority without wisdom is like a heavy axe without an edge, fitter to bruise than polish.
Liberty is the right to discipline ourselves in order not to be disciplined by others.
Virtue consists, not in abstaining from vice, but in not desiring it.
Nobody makes a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could only do a little.
The gospel is good news only if it arrives in time.
If you can't be thankful for what you receive, be thankful for what you escape.
Christmas began in the heart of God. It is complete only when it reaches the heart of man.
Kindness has converted more sinners that zeal, eloquence or learning.
A name is not only a person's most prominent feature to others, but his greatest treasure.
Other books were given for our information; the Bible was given for our transformation.
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us.
Those who are careless in trifles give a precedent for remissness in important duties.
There is no reward from God to those who seek it from men.
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have."
The best evidence of our having the truth is our walking in the truth.
It is not what you teach that has the greatest impact, but what you tolerate.
Many people come to church in search of happiness; few come to find holiness.
An excuse is a lie wrapped in the skin of reason.
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him
Treasures in heaven are laid up as treasures on earth are laid down.
Nothing lies outside the reach of prayer except that which is outside the will of God.
To many marry for better or worse, but not for good.
Initiative is doing the right thing at the right time without having to be told.
Write your plans in pencil but give God the eraser.
You have heard of Murphy's Law. I follow Morton's Law -- taking everything with a grain of salt.
A thankful heart enjoys blessings twice - when they're received and when they're remembered.
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
Light is the task when many share the toil.
He who is waiting for something to turn up might start with his own shirt sleeves.
The man who covets is always poor. 
If you believe that Jesus lives, you don't need to fear death.
He who throws dirt loses ground.
Compassion is love in action.
God always knocks loud enough for a willing soul to hear.
The bamboo which bends is stronger than the oak which persists. 
He who limps is still walking.
What lies behind you and ahead of you is not as important as what lies within you.
If you take all the experience and judgment of men over fifty out of the world, there wouldn't be enough left to run it. 
I am three persons; the person others think I am; the person I think I am; the person God knows I am.
Men of genius are admired; men of wealth are envied; men of power are feared; but only men of character are trusted.